---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Checkpoint
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-5-5
labels:
  - Screencast
---
1) Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
  A onlinesecondary store that sells Apple, Microsoft, and Dell computers.
2) Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
  Was not able to fully implement the product rating feature and the register has a slight bug where it says the account can’t be registered but if you go back a page its logged in with the new account
3) Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
  I am most proud of the cart system as it was a completely new thing to me and also proud that I was able to make this much progress from restarting the assignment.
4) Describe what you are least happy with your system:
  I am least happy with the features i was unable to implement and the bugs that are left in the system
5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
  Starting from scratch compared to reusing an assignment code like assignment 1 was a whole new thing for me to do in this one and also obviously the new code we needed to use like nodemailer or cookies as well
6) When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
  Honestly running into problems happened often, especially since I started from scratch. Anytime I ran into a problem I took a break as usually, I would be looking at the code for hours on hours. After taking a break I focused on the specific issue that popped up and if any other bugs came from that issue I solved them in order until I fixed that section.
7) Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
  Starting from the beginning worked the best. It allowed me to visit past lectures and examples to get some ideas and samples of code I could use for this assignment. Also redesigning my whole store layout also worked well as it gave me a more personal feel to the store.
8) Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
  Obviously, the more recent code or code we didn’t really implement in a lab like the nodemailer was an issue for me and I had a hard time figuring it out.
9) What did you learn from doing this assignment?
  Do not take shortcuts no matter how tempting or stressed you are. Also start everything as early as possible.
10) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
  I would focus a lot of time on the more recent additions for the assignment. Debugging was very important for me to make sure the site works but I feel like I spent an inordinate amount of time on it.
11) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
  20% thinking, 30% writing, and 50% testing and debugging

