---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Follow Up
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-5-13
labels:
  - Assignment 3 Follow Up
---
1) Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards) <br>
  A onlinesecondary store that sells Apple, Microsoft, and Dell computers. <br>
2) Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented? <br>
  Was not able to fully implement the product rating feature and the register has a slight bug where it says the account can’t be registered but if you go back a page  its logged in with the new account <br>
3) Describe what you are most proud of about your system <br>
  I am most proud of the cart system as it was a completely new thing to me and also proud that I was able to make this much progress from restarting the assignment. <br>
4) Describe what you are least happy with your system: <br>
  I am least happy with the features i was unable to implement and the bugs that are left in the system <br>
5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2? <br>
  Starting from scratch compared to reusing an assignment code like assignment 1 was a whole new thing for me to do in this one and also obviously the new code we needed to use like nodemailer or cookies as well <br>
6) When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it? <br>
  Honestly running into problems happened often, especially since I started from scratch. Anytime I ran into a problem I took a break as usually, I would be looking at the code for hours on hours. After taking a break I focused on the specific issue that popped up and if any other bugs came from that issue I solved them in order until I fixed that section. <br>
7) Describe what worked well in doing this assignment? <br>
  Starting from the beginning worked the best. It allowed me to visit past lectures and examples to get some ideas and samples of code I could use for this assignment. Also redesigning my whole store layout also worked well as it gave me a more personal feel to the store. <br>
8) Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment? <br>
  Obviously, the more recent code or code we didn’t really implement in a lab like the nodemailer was an issue for me and I had a hard time figuring it out. <br>
9) What did you learn from doing this assignment? <br>
  Do not take shortcuts no matter how tempting or stressed you are. Also start everything as early as possible. <br>
10) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change? <br>
  I would focus a lot of time on the more recent additions for the assignment. Debugging was very important for me to make sure the site works but I feel like I spent an inordinate amount of time on it. <br>
11) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging <br>
  20% thinking, 30% writing, and 50% testing and debugging

