---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-4-5
labels:
  - Progress Report
  - Continuous Learning
  - Future Coding
---

Being in this class for a little more than a semester has taught me a lot, whether it be about basics to coding, debugging, etc. This most recent project we did, Assignment 1
allowed us to create a online shop for our products, allowing users to input valid quantities and to also print their invoice after purchase.
To see more detail please visit: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/130.Assignment1/experience-Assignment1.html

Starting off on this assignment, I had a rough idea of what I had to do. We did something similar with the Smart Phone Products WODs, we had to add a bit more to it for this
assignment. Adding not only quantities for the products, but also variable verification and invoice generating was something a bit new to me. The hardest part for me in this
assignment was the server aspect of the assignment. Part of the reason was because the week I was gonne for a school trip was the week of the labs dealing with most of the servers
examples and coding. So watching the lectures and trying to follow along was a little tougher for me to get the concept of the server in my head. After hurdling that obstacle,
it was much easier for me to build the rest of the website. All that was left for me to do was to debug and also implement my code into one of the design templates from
w3 schools. Not only with this assignment, but with the other labs and WODs we have been doing have taught me a lot. The labs are a huge help when it comes to things like
assignment 1 or those big assignments. The huge helps though are the WODs as it gives me a practical way to practice coding that is used for a specific goal, and it also 
gives the option of looking for help if I am absolutely sure I cannot do it without looking at the screencast. I am confident in my ability to do a lot of things. Coming 
into this class after transfering from CS was a huge relief as I did not have to learn too many different things as both have a lot of simalarities. Unlike CS, I feel like
I am actually learning and being taught in this class unlike CS where I felt like it was more of a "you should know this already" or having that feeling that I have to teach 
myself the topics. There are definitely things that I could improve on but I feel like as I go along in this class, I will be able to make those changes. 
