---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: WOD Trouble Shooting
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-1-29
labels:
  - WOD
  - New Learning Experience
---

When I opened the file for BrowserHistory1, I had no clue what to expect. To be honest when I read the instructions, it took me a while to read it over and over again to process
what I had just read. After finally realizing what I had to do, I got started. It started off smooth and it took a little bit of time to actually make the vs code for the paragraphs
to look pleasing. Everything went well until I got to the link references, which I admit stumped me the first time. It took a google search to figure out what the link href was
and then I went on. My first attempt was the trial and error and the 2nd attempt I forgot to hit the timer button so 3rd times the charm I guess with a time of 18:34.

For BrowserHistory2 it was a similar kind of run. The first time I had trouble with the font-family code because I didn't realize it was single quotes. The next THREE TIMES I did it
perfectly, but my screen recording app decided to bug out on me all three times. It recorded a black screen everytime and I had to restart my computer to fix it which gave me a total
of 5 times with a time of 3:19. BrowserHistory3 was a lot similar to BrowserHistory2 in the sense of my screen recording app bugging out. A lot of these things in this specific
WOD reminded me of one of my previous projects in ICS 101. Making the text and images wrap were pretty easy but the table of contents confused me for a little bit. When I did the
code, it did not come out exactly like the end result. That part specifically stumped me so much, I had to go to the screencast and see what I was doing wrong. Turned out I was missing
a little piece in my code which fixed the entire thing. After fixing that I got it in 2 attempts with a time of 7:13.

